- [Instructor] Filters provide lots of benefits,
especially when working with data.
In this lesson,
I'll show you how to build PivotTables, select fields,
and use filters in your own data in Excel
to inform your business decisions.
In the top left corner of Office.com,
I'll select the app launcher and open Excel.
From here, I'll open the Test Sales Order spreadsheet.
You can follow along
with this document in your exercise files.
This spreadsheet has a dataset,
Sales Orders and their details.
Let's say that I need the data
by product and then by customer,
so that I can gain insight
into which products are doing well,
and which customers are purchasing them.
To do that, I'll create a PivotTable,
which will allow me to see the link
between the products and customers.
First, I'll select cell A1,
the first cell in my data set.
Then I'll select the Insert tab in the top ribbon,
and select PivotTable.
The PivotTable drop down appears,
and I will select From Table/Range
to get the data from this sheet.
The Insert PivotTable pane opens on the right.
In Source, I can see that Excel picked
the order detail sheet
and selected all the values in my table.
In the PivotTable pane,
I'll use Create your own PivotTable
and insert it on a new sheet.
This way, I am able to customize the PivotTable to my needs
and it will be separated from my current data.
This opens a new sheet
with the PivotTable on the left
and the PivotTable fields panel on the right.
In that panel, I can see there are two columns,
one for the headers from my data table,
and then one with Filter, Rows, Columns, and Values.
I'll choose the data points I need.
Products sorted by largest customer orders.
First I'll select Product
which populates column A with all the products sold.
Next, since I want to see
each customer that purchased those products,
I'll add Customer to the Filter section
and Line Total to the Sum Values section.
This aggregates all the line totals for each customer.
Let's filter this by Channel Outlet
to see what they purchased.
I'll select the dropdown
next to Customer in cell B2,
deselect Select All and select Channel Outlet.
I can also add Order Quantity to Rows
so that I can clearly see
the number of units this customer purchased.
Now it's your turn.
Take a look at your organization's spreadsheets
and create useful PivotTables in Excel.
You'll have your data in an easy to review format.
Try them this week.